box: fix typo in pagination `after` position option validation (#8775)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8716-pagination-invalid-after-pos-bug.md

## bugfix/box

> * Fixed bug (bad error message) in pagination related to validation of `after`
>   position option of space and index objects `:select` and `:pairs` methods
>   (gh-8716).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug (bad error message) in pagination related to the validation of the `after`
  position option of space and the `:select` and `:pairs` methods of the index object
  (gh-8716).
```

Reviewer: Ok, your suggestion looks good to me.
